This question is about searching an element in an ad.
The question is how do you perform search operation in an ad?
The category is, of course, ads, and there will be fire related questions about searching elements
in ad searching elements in an ad.
It is a very common task in programming.
JavaScript gives various methods to perform search.
We will begin with three methods index of last index of and includes the syntax of index of is like
this.
That is an A name you specify and you apply the index of method.
It takes two parameters.
The first is search element.
That is the element you want to search or the value you want to search.
And the start index is optional, which denotes the beginning index.
If it is given zero, it will search from the beginning, but default is zero.
So you don't need to specify if you want to search in the entirety.
This method returns index number where the item is found.
If search element does not exist in the array, then it will return minus one.
And if there are more than one matches found, it will return the index of the first item found.
The last index off is similar in terms of syntax, but it returns the last index of the found element.
Otherwise it is very similar to index of if start index is given, it will search from the index by
default.
START index is at a length minus one.
The syntax of includes is something like this.
Includes is also one similar matter like index of, but it returns boolean value.
That is true if element is found otherwise false.
These three are very common, very basic matters which we are going to try right now.
Let's say we have this adding which has few elements if you are repeating like one is three times in
the attic.
Now the first statement I'm going to try is consolidate log.
The added name is error and I will say index of what I want to search is I want to search for value
one in this adding.
Let's save this and run what it returns.
Now you can see one is found on the zeroth index surgery done zero.
By default, the START index is zero.
So it has started searching from zero.
Assume that I knew that it should start from the second index number that is zero one and two from this
position I wanted to search.
Oh, let's see, three.
That will be better.
So from this three, zero, one, two and three, it is going to start.
I'm saving this and running it again.
So now you see that the one is found on the fifth position.
So it has written the index number five.
In case if I go to, let's say small or.
Then if we try to search it, it's not going to retain the value that is.
It is going to return minus one because that value is not found.
This also proves that index of searches gains sensitive value.
Let's change it to one again.
Now we will try the last index off in the very same case as the last two index off.
Let's directly run this and see what happens.
This also has returned five.
Why last index?
Start searching from array length minus one.
That is if we have zero one, two, three, four, five and six, there is total seven elements.
The last is the sixth element.
So error length minus one will be six here.
That will be the start of searching.
Now, let's say you want that it should search from this place that is zero, one, two and three.
So I can say here that start searching from three.
Remember, that index number is calculated from the start, of course, but the search will go backward.
So now if I search zero one, two, three, this is the place from where the search is going to be started
and it will go to search.
Where is one in this and are adding let's see what happens.
It is two so 012.
This is how the index of and last index of works the return the index number of the found element whereas
includes is very similar in terms of parameters.
You would see that it has the very same parameter.
It is something like index of only, but instead of returning the element number, that is index number,
it returns whether it is existing or not, it has found or not.
That is true or false.
So now if I save this, it's going to search from this place.
That is the fourth place part index.
Where will it find?
It will find here, but it's not going to see the index number.
But instead it will simply say whether is there any value found or not.
Again, if I just change this to, let's say any or something, I don't even need this index number.
Let's see whether it finds it or not.
It is false.
That means the value is not there.
So these three methods are an easier way to search, but there can be more complex searches like conditional
search.
For example, you have an array of salary and you want to get all elements.
Where salary is more than 3000.
Then you can use find method, find index method, or sometimes even a better method called filter.
Let's directly jump into a practical example and later we will figure out this index.
Let's say this is the add of salary.
Now this index of find method is something like this.
It is going to return something that we will see.
The return value is what I'll say added or find.
Now this takes a callback function like we have already seen in for each that there is a callback function
called for each element.
Same thing is happening here.
Now I can write function like this or I can go with the arrow function, but I prefer to go with arrow
function.
Here.
It is going to pass for parameters.
The first is the element that means each element is going to be passed in this argument.
There can be an index number.
There can be an ADD.
This adds basically the add itself on which the find is applied and there can be a this argument.
All these are similar to for each.
First of all, let's simply start with element.
What we want to do is we just want to return all the elements which are more than 3000.
So if that is an element, more than 3000 that is valued, 3000 that will be returned in our will.
So I'm going to say a return element, more than 3000, and it will stop searching and I'm adding this
console.log out of it, which is returned here.
Now let's run this code and see what happens.
It says 4500.
That means it did find this value that is something more than 3000, but it did not search further.
In fact, this only finds one value and it stops the searching the way we have fine matter.
We do also have find index.
This is absolutely same as the fine matter, but instead of returning the value, it returns the index
number.
Let's try this.
You see that?
It returns the index number.
But the problem with these two methods is it finds only one value at a time.
Let's say you want to get all the values which are more than 3000.
How will you do that?
The best way is you use the filter method.
Now, the amazing thing with filter method is it doesn't return one value.
It returns a new add a entire new array of found elements.
So whichever element returns true with the condition that is returned to a new add, a new array is
filled with those values.
Let's try this and see now what is the output?
We are displaying the ah well.
But now our well that is the return value is now going to be an entire add.
You see this?
These are the elements.
This 1200 is not offered.
Right.
This 1200 is less than 3000.
So that is not return.
Only these three elements are part of our web.
So a new adda is created with the filter matter as long as the syntax is concerned.
Here is the syntax of fine matter.
It takes a callback function and that is an element that is an optional index number.
Also the added on which the fine motor is applied and the this argument which is a reference of the
this object in the callback function.
Now the same syntax is for all three methods.
That is fine.
Find index and filter.
If there is no true value found in A-D in case of find it will return undefined.
The same is the case with fine index also, but if there is no value found with filter method, it is
going to return an empty adding.
Let's say for example, here in this case as say 30,000, is there any value?
More than 30,000?
If no, then there won't be any value return in an added, but it won't be undefined.
You see this?
This is an empty adding.
But instead of this, if I say find method, it will.
Return undefined.
So this can also be a question that what will be the output if there is no value return in filter matter?
How do you find method?
Now let's discuss the relative questions of this topic.
The first question is what is the difference between find and filter method?
So we have seen that find returns only one value that is the first match and it stops searching.
But as filter returns a new ADI.
The second question is if there is no value to return, what will find index return?
So like find find index will also return undefined if there is no true value matched.
The third question is what is the difference between index off and includes method?
So index of returns the index whereas includes returns the true or false that is a boolean value.
The fourth question is how will you search multiple values in an ad?
So that's where filter matter is useful.
So you can talk about filter matters in that case.
And that is this piece of code.
And the question can be, what will be the output of this code?
Now here the last index off is applied and there is no such element ABCD in the attic.
If the element is not found, what should be the output?
So in case of index of our last index of minus one is the output.
If the element is not found, if you want to try, we can do that, I will say.
Last index of fear and trying to do something, trying to find something that is not all that in the
attic.
And if I understand, output is minus one.
So apart from these matters, there are many other matters or ways which you can implement to search
elements in an attic.
But these are the most commonly used.
Filter is one of those matters which is often use to find the add elements.